[AFS] Add documentation to Kueue website (#5476)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/_index.md

A mechanism allowing to schedule Workloads optimizing Pod placement for
network throughput between the Pods.

### [Fair Sharing](/docs/concepts/fair_sharing)

Mechanisms in Kueue to share quota between tenants fairly.

> 

Reviewer: Here is API secsion. So could you move this to `Glosaray` section like `Preemption`?

Author: Done

> ### [Admission Fair Sharing](/docs/concepts/admission_fair_sharing)
> 
> A mechanism for ordering workloads based on the historical resource usage of their source LocalQueues, giving preference to those that have consumed fewer resources over time.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This feature does not have any dedicated CRD. So, we should not add it here.

> A mechanism allowing to ordering Workloads based on the historical resource usage of their source LocalQueues, giving preference to those that have consumed less resources over time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A mechanism for ordering workloads based on the historical resource usage of their source LocalQueues, giving preference to those that have consumed fewer resources over time.
```
